Good day friends continue
our topic of protection
today talk about helmets protecting your
the most important organ of the body is your brain
and all that is connected with this many
prefer to ride here such
headgear people call them
flirt and
it's stylish and fashionable but the downside is that
they protect from nothing except from
soft bits discard the idea where it all
start if you ride simple
cross country bike or recreational
Well, you already have some
extreme inclinations will suit you
here is such a helmet
Plus he is following it easy
developed ventilation is relatively good
looks like it can be customized over the head
How convenient because there are clasps
there are straps on the back naturally
adjustable
but it is designed only for one serious
blow after which it cracks and
also for excessive extreme not
suitable because of advanced protection for
unfortunately he has no neck
more interesting country on the helmet and they
already cost much more but they
much easier and + ventilation from them
much more developed there are all sorts
branded fastener systems such as
here at this leisurely Lois it is very convenient
but minus is exactly the same one
serious blow and no helmet if you
young guy ride bmx or
mountain bike jump do tricks
ride the park you need a pot with
this should start your skating
also should not arrogate to those who
rides long ago and still roll on
helmet
in the helmet, even on the street itself bowler
but you can chop the whole season after
strong falls he most often remains
is whole
well, of course your head too
carefully choose it by size it
should sit very tight on the head
if you change your hair
or for some reason your voice becomes
less complete always go
seals
to change the size of the helmet for yourself
budget models have foam inside
plastic sheath they are bonded with
using the buttons only adjustment
this strap come in such options and with
integrated visor that looks
quite strange for the most part on
lover one of the pot minuses
is bad ventilation and your head
were afternoon to shamelessly sweat so not
skimp and choose a helmet with a large
the number of holes although there probably need
do n't be stingy just being attentively there
here is such a brutal helmet from scott
it is heavier than ordinary bowlers had
good blowing at the crown very
interesting and stylish and offset
vent holes to the right side
heads and
excellent regulating kit
small seals proper
the only thing that can be said about
pot is the most expensive models
have soldered inside and outside
the shell this visibly facilitates the helmet he
weighs 30 percent to 40 percent less
than an ordinary pot and at the same time has
all the same positive properties
like strength and well-developed ventilation if
you are somewhere between country cheeks
and jumpers but still sure that you
need a little bit serious protection a little
more than one stroke but you
want to look still there is truth here
such a member zakosom under kafka
that is, then immediately from the minuses a little
side ventilation appearance but it
rather, plus than minus, you will at least
somehow stand out from the crowd and he doesn't have
outer plastic shell that is
Only the foam he can not stand so much
blows how many bowler for those who
riding in the discipline of n'dur and allmountine
this is just one step to freeride and
downhila
there are newfangled models like these
with advanced protection and neck rolling
even more than a bowler back him
there is a good adjustable visor
ventilation
It has a sleeping shell and a standard
regulating strap naturally
set of seals for any head about
fools have a separate video and fill and
jersey with need only for freeride and
downhill
in the city they do not need to ride in the same way
shoot when not worth it either
talk about racing 4x then fox and
apply so take care of yourself friends
your head is your quality guarantee
life thanks to mine bike store for
given an arsenal of helmets for my
review
bye everyone